WIP BXMSDOC-7617: Content for Deploying Kogito microservices on OpenShift chapter (#60)
hmanwani-rh/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/getting-started-kogito/proc-kogito-enable-probes-springboot.adoc

[id="proc-kogito-enable-probes-springboot_{context}"]

> = Enabling probes for Spring Boot-based {KOGITO} microservices on {OPENSHIFT}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Adding healthcheck extension for Spring Boot-based {KOGITO} microservices on {OPENSHIFT}
```

> You can enable the probes for the Spring Boot-based {KOGITO} microservices on {OPENSHIFT}.

Reviewer: The sentence could be dropped.
